you can Thompson how can I help you hi
how are you I'm good how are you this is
me Arnold Schwarzenegger that's right I
am hello yeah hello yeah I want to know
how to be well just do what I tell you
yeah I'm a police officer listen to me
very carefully this is an arrest
that's what how can I help you what's
going on this is Mickey Thompson how can
I help you
I'm not copy idea this is an arrest
you're under arrest
yeah Taylor hi how are you yeah what's
going on what do we got to do my own
business is all I have to do what do you
what do you need sir
yeah I'm a police officer I'm just doing
my job yeah you're on a recorded line so
you call my office again we will trace
your call all we are investigators here
so try calling us again sir we will
fully fully pursue you yeah fuck you you
kiss your mom with that mouth fuck you
asshole you don't have anything else to
do with the car Lana are you going to
help me no I'm not
help you do what girl of my dreams hi
how are you I'm good how are you
yeah that's right I am hey I'm a police
officer
okay so why are you calling me you're
hungry no this is Matt how can I help
you hi how are you
who's this John Kimble I need your case
never no deal yeah I'm a police officer
this is a recorded line I'm police
officer you're you're an intelligent man
and you know not to play child games on
a recorded line from a law office and
yeah I know you could get your badge
taken away for that get how so you
wouldn't want to do that would you sir
have a great evening mind